To-Do List:

1)  Add Swimmer Ids - need to assign unique numbers to swimmers
    which are used during the actual meets for identification on
    heat sheets, etc.  Not all teams use simple numbers or USA
    Swimming type numbers.

    Status:  Complete.

2)  Import SDIF results - need to be able to import the results
    of a swim meet so swimmers can look at their historical times.

    Status:  Open

3)  Manage volunteers - need to define and manage volunteer jobs.

    Status:  Complete.

4)  Support swimmers as end users - older kids want to register
    with the site and access their own data.  Right now the only
    way to support that is to assign them as a secondary contact
    for their swimmer record.

    Status:  Complete

5)  Manage meet events.  Need to define a set of default meet events
    which can be used to seed a meet with events.  Once seeded, the
    meet events can be changed, reordered, edited, etc.

    Staus:  Complete

6)  Opt In/Opt Out for entire meets or selected events.  Need the
    ability for swimmers and/or parents to indicate whether or not
    a swimmer is participating (opt in) or not participating (opt
    out) in swim meet or particular events.  This functionality is
    also known as a Scratch Sheet or Scratch List.

    Status:  Complete

7)  Heat Sheet management - depends on opt-in/opt-out, allows coach
    and/or someone else to generate a heat sheet and rearrange the 
    swimmers to the desired event/heat/lane assignments.

    Status:  Open

8)  Export Meet Entries via SDIF.  Now that Events module is working
    and opt-in/opt-out supports events, the ability to export a set
    of meet entries is possible.

    Status:  Open

9)  Chart swimmer results.  Allow charting of results for one or more
    swimmers  using something like Open Flash Chart or similar.


    Status:  Open

10) Team Records.  Allow a team to store their team records as part of
    the database.

    Status:  Open
